# Vash Discord Bot :robot:

Welcome to Vash, a Discord bot designed to enhance your server experience. This guide will provide you with an overview of the features and commands available with Vash.

## :keyboard: Commands

Vash uses slash commands, which are a type of command that starts with a `/`. Here are the commands available:

- `/github`
- `/clarify` Get Real time Fact checking on anything you ask, Powered by Clarity Bot ( Check out @bogdantimes on Twitter )
- `/playlist`
- `/socials`
- `/songrequest` Search any song from youtube.
- `/setlogchannel` Admins Only
- `/purge` Admins Only
- `/kick` Admin Only
- `/ban` Admin Only

## :hammer_and_wrench: Mod Features

Vash provides a database that listen to various events and perform actions based on these events. Here are the events Vash listens to:

1. `messageDelete`
2. `guildBanAdd`
3. `guildMemberUpdate`
4. `guildMemberAdd`
5. `guildMemberRemove`
6. ` And More `

## Pokemon Game Coming to Premium Users
1. `over 300+ pokemon loaded in a database with more being added`
2. `pokemone will spawn in chat with a embeded message`
3. `Players use !cach to catch the pokemon`
4. `Only one person can catch the pokemon with a 40% chance of chatching it `
5. `Pokemon battle system and index coming soon`


## :robot: AI Response

Vash is equipped with an AI response feature. By mentioning Vash in your message, like `@Vash`, you can get a response generated by an AI model.

## :incoming_envelope: Inviting Vash to Your Server

To invite Vash to your server.

1. Click on the link. This will open a new page in your web browser. https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=1013711215949774899&permissions=8&scope=bot
2. Select the server you want to add Vash to from the dropdown menu.
3. Click on the "Authorize" button.
4. Complete the CAPTCHA if it appears.

Vash should now be added to your server.

## :question: Need Help?

Contact Korivash on Discord.

## More Features being added as i come across stuff useful for discord communites!
